Update the options' descriptions of the neo4j-admin commands according to the code (#1852)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/offline-backup.adoc

|--to-path=<path>
|Destination folder of a database dump.

> It is possible to dump databases into AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to dump databases into AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure buckets using the appropriate URI as the path.
```
